* create http interface
* new option `destination` - defaults to localhost - but if you put in an ip, it acts as a proxy and sends the request off to the ip (or multiple ips in a broadcast)
* have a way to athenticate inyo servers so they can talk to each other (or have them authenticate through a central server - an inyo service where you have to login - authorization is dealt with that way)
* inyo space as a social client - users load inyo and can now interact with other people where messages, photos, gifs, html pages, etc can all pop up on their desktop over everything - but again it isn't the active application and can be flicked away. Oh, and they can ask formatted questions.
* inyo is in active or don't bother me mode - if the latter, everything that comes in goes into the queue history - but doesn't pop full screen.
* you can define how much of the screen inyo takes up - the whole screen - or draw a square and it will use that portion of the screen and scale everything appropriately - pick the destination and the size. Or you can have it stay in its own space - which can be hotkeyed to the foreground.
* extend this so that it has a directory service and can be accessed from outside a given network - that is how you allow for chatting...
* maybe you can roll forward, backward through the inyos in a time machine type interface where you just see whole screens and can pull one up - or you create some kind of timeline with screen snapshots
* the queue should go to a log - it would be good to have a log of all incoming requests - even malformed ones with bad options (for troubleshooting)
* example - you have inyo running on a remote server, a task is donea and you are prompted for the next step - it sends over a form, which you respond to and it continues on its workflow
* if you can redirect to a remote screen... you could be sitting across the room and have the dialog to name a track pop up - so you could leverage your remote and mobile devices into workflows.
* what happens if you send to a remote machine with multiple screens - which options does it choose to use? If you are "mirroring" the local machine, but the number of screens are different, how do decide which one to use on the remote machine?
* how do you deal with timeouts? Do you default the time out to be higher than the 120secs osascript defaults to? Maybe that needs to be an option in the configuration - to set an Inyo specific timeout.
* allow for multiple inyo windows open simultaneously - this would allow you to create a chat application running in inyo space, but sized/locked to a specific location in inyo space - of course you could drag it around as well.
* put inyo on your servers and have them message out to admins monitoring...
* what do you about messages that are critical to get through. If you proxy all remote requests through the local inyo, you can indicate that a given message has been "recieved" by the remote inyo.
* if you proxy the requests, you can also encrypt the traffic over the network.
* you can also then use applescript
* 
